# La famiya


Inglez            | Ladino
----------------  | -----------------
aunt              | (la) tia
aunts             | (las) tias
uncle             | (el) tio
uncles            | (los) tios
brother           | (el) ermano
brothers          | (los) ermanos
sister            | (la) ermana
sisters           | (las) ermanas
child             | (la) kreatura
child             | (la) kriatura
children          | (las) kreaturas
children          | (las) kriaturas
cousin            | (la) prima
cousin            | (el) primo
cousins           | (las) primas
cousins           | (los) primos
daughter          | (la) ija
daughters         | (las) ijas
son               | (el) ijo
sons              | (los) ijos
firstborn son     | (el) bohor
eldest son        | (el) bohor
father            | (el) padre
fathers           | (los) padres
family            | (la) famiya
wife              | (la) mujer
wifes             | (las) mujeres
grandfather       | (el) nono
grandfathers      | (los) nonos
grandmother       | (la) nona
grandmothers      | (las) nonas
grandfather       | (el) avuelo
grandfathers      | (los) avuelos
grandmother       | (la) avuela
grandmothers      | (las) avuelas
grand-son         | (el) inyeto
grand-sons        | (los) inyetos
grand-daughter    | (la) inyeta
grand-daughters   | (las) inyetas
grandfather       | (el) papu
husband           | (el) marido
husbands          | (los) maridos
mother            | (la) madre
mothers           | (las) madres
mother            | (la) mama
father-in-law     | (la) esfuegro
mother-in-law     | (la) esfuegra
son-in-law        | (el) yerno
sons-in-law       | (los) yernos

grandfather       | (el) gran-papa
grandmother       | (la) gran-mama
grandmother       | (la) gramama
nephew            | (el) suvrino
nephews           | (los) suvrinos
parents           | (los) djenitores
parents           | (los) padres
parents           | (los) parientes
relative          | (el/la) pariente
relatives         | (los) parientes
daughter-in-law   | (la) elmuera
daughters-in-law  | (las) elmueras

